adding covid-tweets-japanese (again) (#1402)
huggingface/datasets: datasets/covid_tweets_japanese/README.md

---

> annotations_creators: [crowdsourced]
> language_creators: [found]
> languages: [ja]
> licenses: [cc-by-nd-4.0]
> multilinguality: [monolingual]
> size_categories: [10K<n<100K]
> source_datasets: [original]
> task_categories: [text-classification]
> task_ids: [fact-checking]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
annotations_creators:
- crowdsourced
language_creators:
- found
languages:
- ja
licenses:
- cc-by-nd-4.0
multilinguality:
- monolingual
size_categories:
- 10K<n<100K
source_datasets:
- original
task_categories:
- text-classification
task_ids:
- fact-checking
```

### Supported Tasks and Leaderboards

Text-classification, Whether the tweet is related to COVID-19, and whether it is fact or opinion.

### Languages

The text can be gotten using the IDs in this dataset is Japanese, posted on Twitter.

## Dataset Structure

### Data Instances

CSV file with the 1st column is Twitter ID and the 2nd column is assessment option ID.

### Data Fields

- `tweet_id`: Twitter ID.
- `assessment_option_id`: The selection result. It has the following meanings:
  - 63: a general fact: generally published information, such as news.
  - 64: a personal fact: personal news. For example, a person heard that the next-door neighbor, XX, has infected COVID-19, which has not been in a news.
  - 65: an opinion/feeling
  - 66: difficult to determine if they are related to COVID-19 (it is definitely the tweet is not "67: unrelated", but 63, 64, 65 cannot be determined)
  - 67: unrelated
  - 68: it is a fact, but difficult to determine whether general facts, personal facts, or impressions (it may be irrelevant to COVID-19 since it is indistinguishable between 63 - 65 and 67).

### Data Splits

> [N/A]
> 
> ## Dataset Creation
> 
> ### Curation Rationale
> 
> N/A because the paper is not yet published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[More Information Needed]

## Dataset Creation

### Curation Rationale

[More Information Needed] because the paper is not yet published.
```

### Source Data

#### Initial Data Collection and Normalization

53,640 Japanese tweets with annotation if a tweet is related to COVID-19 or not. Target tweets include "COVID" or "コロナ". The period of the tweets is from around January 2020 to around June 2020.

#### Who are the source language producers?

The language producers are users of Twitter.

### Annotations

#### Annotation process

The annotation is by majority decision by 5 - 10 crowd workers.

#### Who are the annotators?

Crowd workers.

### Personal and Sensitive Information

The author does not contain original tweets.

## Considerations for Using the Data

### Social Impact of Dataset

> [N/A]
> 
> ### Discussion of Biases
> 
> [N/A]
> 
> ### Other Known Limitations
> 
> [N/A]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[More Information Needed]

### Discussion of Biases

[More Information Needed]

### Other Known Limitations

[More Information Needed]
```
